[Workers] Restructure & update logging section (#12738)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/observability/logging/real-time-logs.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Real-time logs
meta:

>   description: Debug your Worker application by accessing logs and exceptions through the Cloudflare dashboard or `wrangler tail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: View real-time logs of your Worker application through the Cloudflare dashboard or `wrangler tail`.
```

> Debugging is a critical part of developing a new application — whether running code in the initial stages of development, or trying to understand an issue occurring in production.

Reviewer: @markdembo Can we rewrite this to talk more about what's going on in this page? This mentions "debugging" which is a concept that could apply to the entire Observability section and seems like a relic of this page's old identity, but this page is titled "real-time logs". We should write something about real-time logs and address that this page goes into 2 methods for that process: dashboard or `wrangler tail`.

The Workers platform captures all `console.log`'s and uncaught exceptions, in addition to information about the event itself.

> {{<Aside type="warning">}}

Reviewer: What feature are we talking about here? Logging in general?

Author: Clarifying with @tanushreesharma-cf and @admah. Will specify.

{{</Aside>}}

> ## Add custom logs

Reviewer: Is this step a pre-cursor to the next two H2's that talk about viewing logs from dash or Wrangler? We could make this clearer - otherwise they all look like separate concepts. 

Would this code go into an `index.js` or any file in the Worker project?

> Any `console.log` statements within your Worker will be visible in the dashboard or wrangler tail. The following example demonstrates a custom `console.log` within a Worker request handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any `console.log` statements within your Worker will be visible in the dashboard or [`wrangler tail`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#tail). The following example demonstrates a custom `console.log` within a Worker request handler.
```

{{</tab>}}
{{</tabs>}}

> After you deploy the above code you can see the real-time logs in the dashboard or `wrangler tail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you deploy the [above code](/workers/observability/logging/real-time-logs/#add-custom-logs), view the real-time logs in the dashboard or `wrangler tail`.
```

## View logs from the dashboard

To view real-time logs associated with any deployed Worker using the Cloudflare dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
2. In Account Home, go to **Workers & Pages**.
3. In **Overview**, select your **Worker** > and select **Logs**. 

## View logs using `wrangler tail`

> To view real-time logs associated with any deployed Worker using wrangler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view real-time logs associated with any deployed Worker using Wrangler:
```

> 1. Navigate to your Worker project directory
> 2. Run `npx wrangler tail`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to your Worker project directory.
2. Run `npx wrangler tail`.
```

{{</tab>}}
{{</tabs>}}

> After you deploy the [above code](/workers/observability/logging/real-time-logs/#add-custom-logs), view the real-time logs in the dashboard or `wrangler tail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you deploy the [above code](/workers/observability/logging/real-time-logs/#add-custom-logs), view the real-time logs in [the dashboard](/workers/observability/logging/real-time-logs/#view-logs-from-the-dashboard) or [`wrangler tail`](/workers/observability/logging/real-time-logs/#view-logs-using-wrangler-tail).
```

## View logs from the dashboard

To view real-time logs associated with any deployed Worker using the Cloudflare dashboard:

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account.
2. In Account Home, go to **Workers & Pages**.
3. In **Overview**, select your **Worker** > and select **Logs**. 

## View logs using `wrangler tail`

To view real-time logs associated with any deployed Worker using Wrangler:

1. Go to your Worker project directory.

> 2. Run `npx wrangler tail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run [`npx wrangler tail`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#tail).
```

You can customize how `wrangler tail` works to fit your needs. Refer to [the `wrangler tail` documentation](/workers/wrangler/commands/#tail) for available configuration options.

## Limits

Note that:

- Workers logs are not stored. You can start and stop the stream at any time to view them, but they do not persist.

> - If your Worker has a high volume of traffic, the real-time logs might enter sampling mode. This will cause some of your messages to be dropped and a warning to appear in your logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your Worker has a high volume of traffic, the real-time logs might enter sampling mode. This will cause some of your messages to be dropped and a warning to appear in your logs.
```

- Logs from any [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/) your Worker is using will show up in the dashboard.
- A maximum of 10 clients can view a Worker's logs at one time. This can be a combination of either dashboard sessions or `wrangler tail` calls.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> You can filter real-time logs both in the dashboard and using [wrangler tail](/workers/wrangler/commands/#tail). This can help mitgate messages from being dropped, if your Worker has a high volume of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter real-time logs in the dashboard or using [`wrangler tail`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#tail). If your Worker has a high volume of messages, filtering real-time logs can help mitgate messages from being dropped.
```

{{</Aside>}}

> ## Persisting logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Persist logs
```

> Logs can be persited in two ways: using [Workers Logpush](/workers/observability/logging/logpush/) or [Tail Workers](/workers/observability/logging/tail-workers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs can be persited in two ways:

1. [Workers Logpush](/workers/observability/logging/logpush/).
2. [Tail Workers](/workers/observability/logging/tail-workers/).
```
